for some bar we use a handful of toward
on it so or it's called split LOL enter
what you can buy in the supermarket and
we're going to use in a pressure cooker
to cook it faster we added four times of
water to the weight of the lentil let's
say we use one handful of lentils so we
use like two cups of water because you
need enough water for the sauce as well
as to cook the lentil in America once
you start boiling you can power it with
it
and then use a head to stop the steam
inside to cook in pressure so after
seven whistle we open and it's already
cooked for some bar it's a good way of
utilizing what is left over in your
fridge so whatever vegetables is
available you can use it so now we are
putting some potatoes abuja okra that's
how the back already finger carrots you
can use a drumstick that is a
traditional salt into vegetable whatever
other vegetables it's available with you
you can put it in sometime we arm
sometime we could
beans also
and the vegetables so whatever it's
available you can use it so now we are
putting these cut vegetables try to cut
in big chunks so when you stew it then
you cook it for a long time it doesn't
get mashed so put all the vegetables and
the same mole lentil drop or mental
water until it clicks I the person
clapping if you don't have the
prosciutto you can use this process the
castle rock it's ideal to soak the
lectin william shockley that's why we
cooking for seven listen to get it
really matched so now we adding quarter
teaspoon of turmeric powder 3 2 spoon of
coriander powder 2 3 full teaspoon 1 tsp
of red chilli powder sambar powder 2
full teaspoon this you can bite in
supermarket Israeli available anywhere
in the world a good supermarket a big
collection of infinite spices you can
buy this asafoetida powder you can buy
it again in this shops that is good for
digestion touch again quarter teaspoon
and mixer everything together because
the mixture is too thick and we added
put it also we need to add extra water
so these half a glass of water let's say
50 ml
I'm slightly more than let's say seven
to the lid again and just cook it for 2
more whistle so after the two whistle
you can see the rest of our input once
it's cooked we will add the diode
tamarind water simmer it for a minute
and you can check the seasoning before
you start your tampering so in a deep
which is the hot pan with coconut oil
coconut Valley has saw a very low
smoking point so it's not very fast so
when it is hot add mustard seeds and it
starts crackling will look back to the
fire place are crafting a dog chili papa
sorry it's dried chili broken into two I
feel like one pinch of fenugreek seeds
add curry leaf
now add the whole temporary to the ball
you mix of festivals and this gives a
any flavor spice up your taste buds it's
good to put coriander leaf at this stage
and check the seasoning force and it
should be the constraints it should be
pouring consistency but ethic and when
you leave it there for a side test the
caramel is Apophis consistency for the
summer so nice color vegetables and it's
orange golden orange brown color
and now it's ready to eat we can rise
induce a piggly kind of bigger surf
lesson we'll enjoy your summer